I read book 72. Sorry, I am lying.
title. That's right.
The book I read in 2018
In my garage, this is all of mine.
Know how
The death of the other party means a 28-year-old male
Discovering a book is one thing.
This is the end of the year, I want to make a sort
Some of my favorite books to summarize and talk about that
I have read this year. And I also want to make this book
I hope to encourage you to read above.
As well. Teen, with a percentage of fun
In the lowest valley of history.
Let us change this situation. Oh yeah.
The reason why I started reading is
Because I have done it before
New Year's resolution, so I want to make sure that maybe because
This may. You can take the same resolution. Maybe
You have the same problem because I have this is
I have a sort of problem
s things. Sounds a little weird, but
Generally as long as things get a bit
I will get bored when I am difficult, I will transfer to something else.
Otherwise, this may be something that I like stupid.
Play video games. If it’s boring at some
I really don't care about the end, I will buy a new one.
Game or transfer to something else or a hobby
Once the project is as it gets a bit boring.
I generally don't finish it like this.
I miss that feeling, I sort out
This is what I missed the gratifying feeling, although you
Know that even if it's not the most interesting.
I am still very happy with my experience. I am very happy
I can move to the next thing. Preach
In the case of instant incoming and NG, there has been no teaching
So far, I think especially social media
Ok, we should literally never end.
Give it. This is just some of the constant going and going and going and
go with. I want to feel like this, so I said my new
The resolution of one year will be, no matter what I do, I am going
Finish it. I didn't have any books I had thought of.
It just got a bit of a coincidence, I decided
OK, I will read a book, I am leaving, if I don't like it.
I do not care. I just went to finish it. Finish it. and so
I started with reading science fiction and want to be fair
I really don't like that much. I am very happy with me.
Read it, I know what I want to read
Different under. I really like this, they are just a bit
Come, move and and be here for me
Later, I was very happy. I am very happy that I did it.
this decision.
One of the main findings for me, this year is
Found my favorite writer, I talked a lot about
This channel is Yuki I Shima.
I don't know the author of this matter, when I read him and me
I think I really joined the effect, so I almost don't want to
Talk about him because he found out as
Equally interesting, almost still really join
my experience. I pulled out of Twitter
Ask if there are any suggestions from Japan
Writers because I like to read more of their colleges
The air really counts too much. I think Yukio is a
The name of the woman. I think this is a female writer because
When I read that this elite fell out of favor, I can see that I just felt sewing
Can be completely merged into the protagonist's mind
This is the literature I have never really used before, even
Although this character this little boy is very special
Say I am the smallest. I am there, I
It is to it, I think I have a window into
Time, when writing cycles. with
Is this why I am so
Attracting his book of literary studies
Learning Yukio’s discharge of men’s lives
You definitely know more meaning
Symbolic and motivating ideas
His work makes it even more interesting.
So, I think that's why for me, your mission people have
This effect is still reading more about him this year.
Non-fiction works such as Sun and Steel.
This is his life, the way he wants him
Reintroduced into the life of the samurai way
Japan and many of his books reflect
Move up ideas
I went through Japan during the Meiji period. soon
After the end of World War II, I hate to say this, but
The point is that he wrote the sun and steel which is one
Magazine, he is an avid lifter
Weightlifting is not typical of me
Guess the rider's hobby.
Because he thinks this is in the sun and steel
He called the old warrior
Flowers and swords. This is how it is simplified
But basically this is his idea,
Samurai should spend as much time
Write poetry because they spend time
Practice and disappear with your own sword
I feel like. Japan has forgotten them
Steel or Japanese sword. with
Especially in the westernization of Japan. One
A lot of work like a dislocated horse.
It is technology at Wat Arun. They will
This reflects this shift.
He is also obsessed with the idea of ​​death.
Young, he is really dramatic size. with
Mishima is supposed to win the Nobel Prize, he
It should be one of the first winners. This becomes
An article, I don't know why I don't mean that I am sorry, I am just. I
I like to talk about male Schmidt. He is a poet.
It's interesting. He should win Nobel
Award, but what is his misunderstanding of character and
Still quite young and received such an award.
So he got snobbery. Then he went to a
His peers. instead. with
I think twice he should even win the Nobel Prize. it
It is the kind of recovery. He is still young. we
I really don't know who he is. So when he
It may get the award when you get older. but
Miss Sharma, I know that he has never been so far
verification. Charming author. His life is
Equally as charming as his work makes one of the always
My favorite thing, I found this year. Just look at his book
I absolutely love it. I read his technique.
I read people who are I want to be more weird
thing. His short story
From his great work, I just think I think
I enjoy every time I read the page. The second thing is me.
Really like to discover this year this is
Something I never thought I would say this is Buddhism.
This is the right one for everyone. I want a lot of people
Can criticize not benefiting from religion
From things, but just I think if you hug
Buddhism as a philosophy has too many things to learn
Especially for me. I think with the thoughts around me
from. control
Why do you want to indulge in self-destructive behavior?
Something, I really benefited a lot, it's something, I
Never really been taught, so I am really happy, I read this
In this book, I picked it up for a complete victory, the sun came out.
There is no way out, I am more and more like a blast of fire.
Jesus Christ. I find it very interesting because of its many
Why shouldn't you be addicted to the idea of ​​self-destruction?
Behavior is somewhat related to another book
I am reading. I talked about this before
Live out the meaning to Victor you Frank who
It is a survivor of the Holocaust. He survived, I think two or three
Concentration camp and he did
Observing person, you
Know to start smoking or do these self-destruction
Something in the camp avoids people
a general abandonment and
These are all people will be shortly after.
Obviously not for everyone, but will go because they
They lost meaning and they lost their grip
I think you can say that you know me here.
The privilege is a little sweet boy.
Why should I do these self-destructive things. what is
I mean I can do this. Frankel said:
Also, you should live for yourself if you already
Let's make your mistake if you already
Live it and complete all the errors because this changes
Your attitude towards life is in a meaningful way. and this
Connecting a lot of ideas in my opinion
Reincarnation this sounds weird, I said, but
It gives you a positive meaning and prospects
Life is in my opinion. Whether you hug or not
Its religious and spiritual aspects
And whether you believe it or not,
Think it is irrelevant, or at least it is actually
Relevance, but it doesn't really change anything, no
Change the result.
I think if you have a meaning thing, you can pass you can say
Treating life with any pain in Buddhism
pain. This becomes very weird.
It has always been my last point. Life is bad. I want to tell us,
Talking about the dystopian, I can
Because I think at this time, many people like to start
read. The earliest one including me
The book is a brave new world I have read this year.
Written by Huxley. I like this one, especially because
It mixes well with intentional or unintentional comedy
I do not know. How serious is it?
Get it and how dark it is. We really should provide
The meaning of influence behind it. I do not want to go too much
More regrets. But the main reason I raised this question is
Because many of you recommend
This book for me is this Fahrenheit
451 This is another ectopic
Depicting the future, people will not read.
They have the same idea in general, but I think
These are two good examples, so one is very big.
Elevator sales this one dozen but this time there are so many
The back is more impactful. It just sounds
I like the sloppy anger
Old man. This is a film that will be adapted from the film.
it. I want to sing lily even in it.
So this will be great.
God, which day?
Phoebe and government control information
Scripture in today's media information. I
Said quite consistent. Just go to any social media site
On the scene, you will see that there are every story on both sides, every one of you
It really just sounds like a crying person and an idiot, you are.
The latest thing is so bad. This book is so scary
I think this is a book, this is a good example.
Morality is the core center
Novel. just
Make it look like me, beauty is a hype boring you
The novel is when you have those characters
Interesting story, really fighting
Your way. The idea behind
It's not as transparent, they have so much
In my opinion, it affects. This is so
The sloppy writing is so bad. it
Blowing my mind, this is what gets advice.
Don't look at this one. There are so many wonderful dystopian works out there.
Whenever your goal and the most acclaimed
Book, you see online
See if there is a lot of popularity, it is a kind of self-help
The book is fine. Obviously, they have a purpose,
There is a lot to learn from as well. But I really
Emphasis is on reading novels and reading novels
There really is no better way to get the meaning behind it.
Things in my opinion, not just getting it
Spoon to feed you. I also hope that,
More and more people are entering novels and not
Just read non-fiction because I
I know that I have a lot of young players watching me, I know
Young players generally tend to be more inclined to enter
Documentary novels are replaced.
However, you have nothing to miss. Are you scared?
Extremely dark here. Fuck. I think this is me.
I want to say something. I can probably sneak a lot.
Thank you for listening. I am again with me
I really hope that this kind of incentive is more for you to read as well.
Because I have a lot of fun this year, I also
It is recommended to start small things. with
It is also possible to set a goal for yourself. I think
Instead of reading 50 pages, then or 300
Page and stop. It is best to just read
Small things like 10 pages a day. That is
If you match it in the flag
At least stop again, I think you will find that you will
Enter it faster than you think. Obviously if you don't
Used to read books, I was a one at the time.
A little hard to enter.
But once you do it great
This is really interesting. If the video gets
5000 likes I will give
Take my favorite book of the year
This is the cat in the hat.
Now they are talking. I am thinking about making a whole
About the series. its
Damn genius.